Alright guys. Let's talk about App Store optimization or ASO.
So this is the little brother to SEO which is Search Engine Optimization
although that little brother is getting chubbier and chubbier by the day.
And that's because App Store optimization is becoming more and more important.
So similar to search engine optimization when you're trying to make your website appear on the first
page of Google, App store optimization is about how to make your app appear on the top
when a user is looking for a particular keyword. So revisiting some of those stats, when you search for
a particular keyword in the App Store the top five apps that show up account for 72% of the
downloads.
And the first app alone takes 35% of all the bacon.
So as you can imagine as we talked about apps on these earlier in the course, if you are listed below
the 25th app then there's really no chance at all for you to soak up any of those users or downloads.
So how can we get your app to appear at the top like Clumsy Ninja or Ninjump?
Well this is the science and art of App Store optimisation.